the fourth book of Moses called numbers
the fourth book of Moses called numbers [Music]
[Music]
[Music] now the Lord spoke to Moses in the
now the Lord spoke to Moses in the
now the Lord spoke to Moses in the wilderness of Sinai in the tabernacle of
wilderness of Sinai in the tabernacle of
wilderness of Sinai in the tabernacle of meeting on the first day of the second
meeting on the first day of the second
meeting on the first day of the second month in the second year after they had
month in the second year after they had
month in the second year after they had come out of the land of Egypt take a
come out of the land of Egypt take a
come out of the land of Egypt take a census of all the congregation of the
census of all the congregation of the
census of all the congregation of the children of Israel by their families by
children of Israel by their families by
children of Israel by their families by their fathers houses according to the
their fathers houses according to the
their fathers houses according to the number of names every male individual
number of names every male individual
number of names every male individual from twenty years old and above all who
from twenty years old and above all who
from twenty years old and above all who are able to go to war in Israel you and
are able to go to war in Israel you and
are able to go to war in Israel you and Aaron shall number them by their armies
Aaron shall number them by their armies
Aaron shall number them by their armies and with you there shall be a man from
and with you there shall be a man from
and with you there shall be a man from every tribe each one the head of his
every tribe each one the head of his
every tribe each one the head of his father's house these are the names of
father's house these are the names of
father's house these are the names of the men who shall stand with you from
the men who shall stand with you from
the men who shall stand with you from Reuben Eliza the son of shittier from
Reuben Eliza the son of shittier from
Reuben Eliza the son of shittier from Simeon Shalom and the son of szura
Simeon Shalom and the son of szura
Simeon Shalom and the son of szura shadow from judith Nachshon the son of a
shadow from judith Nachshon the son of a
shadow from judith Nachshon the son of a monadic from Ithaca
monadic from Ithaca
monadic from Ithaca Nathanael the son of zoo from Zebulon
Nathanael the son of zoo from Zebulon
Nathanael the son of zoo from Zebulon Eliab the son of healing from the sons
Eliab the son of healing from the sons
Eliab the son of healing from the sons of Joseph from Ephraim Elisha the son of
of Joseph from Ephraim Elisha the son of
of Joseph from Ephraim Elisha the son of a my
a my
a my from Manasa Gamaliel the son of pedasi
from Manasa Gamaliel the son of pedasi
from Manasa Gamaliel the son of pedasi from Benjamin abide on the son of Gideon
from Benjamin abide on the son of Gideon
from Benjamin abide on the son of Gideon I from Dan a hyzer the son of a Misha
I from Dan a hyzer the son of a Misha
I from Dan a hyzer the son of a Misha died from Asha pay Gil the son of
died from Asha pay Gil the son of
died from Asha pay Gil the son of Aughrim from gap al iossef the son of
Aughrim from gap al iossef the son of
Aughrim from gap al iossef the son of doom from NAFTA ly a Hiram
doom from NAFTA ly a Hiram
doom from NAFTA ly a Hiram the son of Enoch these were chosen from
the son of Enoch these were chosen from
the son of Enoch these were chosen from the congregation leaders of their
the congregation leaders of their
the congregation leaders of their fathers tribes heads of the divisions in
fathers tribes heads of the divisions in
fathers tribes heads of the divisions in Israel
then Moses and Aaron took these men who
then Moses and Aaron took these men who had been mentioned by name and they
had been mentioned by name and they
had been mentioned by name and they assembled all the congregation together
assembled all the congregation together
assembled all the congregation together on the first day of the second month and
on the first day of the second month and
on the first day of the second month and they recited their ancestry by families
they recited their ancestry by families
they recited their ancestry by families by their fathers houses according to the
by their fathers houses according to the
by their fathers houses according to the number of names from 20 years old and
number of names from 20 years old and
number of names from 20 years old and above each one individually as the LORD
above each one individually as the LORD
above each one individually as the LORD commanded Moses so he numbered them in
commanded Moses so he numbered them in
commanded Moses so he numbered them in the wilderness of Sinai now the children
the wilderness of Sinai now the children
the wilderness of Sinai now the children of Reuben Israel's oldest son their
of Reuben Israel's oldest son their
of Reuben Israel's oldest son their genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number of names every male individually from 20
of names every male individually from 20
of names every male individually from 20 years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the tribe of Reuben were 46,500
tribe of Reuben were 46,500
tribe of Reuben were 46,500 from the children of simeon their
from the children of simeon their
from the children of simeon their genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their father's house of those who were
father's house of those who were
father's house of those who were numbered according to the number of
numbered according to the number of
numbered according to the number of names every male individually from 20
names every male individually from 20
names every male individually from 20 years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the tribe of simeon were fifty nine thousand
tribe of simeon were fifty nine thousand
tribe of simeon were fifty nine thousand three hundred
three hundred
three hundred from the children of GAD their
from the children of GAD their
from the children of GAD their genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all who are able to go to war those who are
who are able to go to war those who are
who are able to go to war those who are numbered of the tribe of GAD were forty
numbered of the tribe of GAD were forty
numbered of the tribe of GAD were forty five thousand six hundred and fifty from
five thousand six hundred and fifty from
five thousand six hundred and fifty from the children of Judah their genealogies
the children of Judah their genealogies
the children of Judah their genealogies by their families by their father's
by their families by their father's
by their families by their father's house according to the number of names
house according to the number of names
house according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all who were
from 20 years old and above all who were
from 20 years old and above all who were able to go to war those who are numbered
able to go to war those who are numbered
able to go to war those who are numbered of the tribe of Judah were seventy four
of the tribe of Judah were seventy four
of the tribe of Judah were seventy four thousand six hundred from the children
thousand six hundred from the children
thousand six hundred from the children of Asaka their genealogies by their
of Asaka their genealogies by their
of Asaka their genealogies by their families by their father's house
families by their father's house
families by their father's house according to the number of names from 20
according to the number of names from 20
according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the tribe of Issachar were fifty four
tribe of Issachar were fifty four
tribe of Issachar were fifty four thousand four hundred from the children
thousand four hundred from the children
thousand four hundred from the children of Zebulun their genealogies by their
of Zebulun their genealogies by their
of Zebulun their genealogies by their families by their father's house
families by their father's house
families by their father's house according to the number of names from 20
according to the number of names from 20
according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all who are able to
years old and above all who are able to
years old and above all who are able to go to war those who are numbered of the
go to war those who are numbered of the
go to war those who are numbered of the tribe of Zebulun were fifty-seven
tribe of Zebulun were fifty-seven
tribe of Zebulun were fifty-seven thousand four hundred from the sons of
thousand four hundred from the sons of
thousand four hundred from the sons of joseph the children of Ephraim their
joseph the children of Ephraim their
joseph the children of Ephraim their genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all who were able to go to war
who were able to go to war
who were able to go to war those who are numbered of the tribe of
those who are numbered of the tribe of
those who are numbered of the tribe of Ephraim were 40,500
Ephraim were 40,500
Ephraim were 40,500 from the children of Manasseh their
from the children of Manasseh their
from the children of Manasseh their genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all who were able to go to war those who are
who were able to go to war those who are
who were able to go to war those who are numbered of the tribe of Manasseh
numbered of the tribe of Manasseh
numbered of the tribe of Manasseh were thirty two thousand two hundred
were thirty two thousand two hundred
were thirty two thousand two hundred from the children of Benjamin their
from the children of Benjamin their
from the children of Benjamin their genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their
genealogies by their families by their father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number
father's house according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all
of names from 20 years old and above all who were able to go to war those who are
who were able to go to war those who are
who were able to go to war those who are numbered of the tribe of Benjamin were
numbered of the tribe of Benjamin were
numbered of the tribe of Benjamin were thirty-five thousand four hundred from
thirty-five thousand four hundred from
thirty-five thousand four hundred from the children of Dan their genealogies by
the children of Dan their genealogies by
the children of Dan their genealogies by their families by their father's house
their families by their father's house
their families by their father's house according to the number of names from 20
according to the number of names from 20
according to the number of names from 20 years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the
go to war those who were numbered of the tribe of Dan was sixty-two thousand
tribe of Dan was sixty-two thousand
tribe of Dan was sixty-two thousand seven hundred from the children of ash'
seven hundred from the children of ash'
seven hundred from the children of ash' their genealogies by their families by
their genealogies by their families by
their genealogies by their families by their father's house according to the
their father's house according to the
their father's house according to the number of names from 20 years old and
number of names from 20 years old and
number of names from 20 years old and above all who were able to go to war
above all who were able to go to war
above all who were able to go to war those who are numbered of the tribe of
those who are numbered of the tribe of
those who are numbered of the tribe of Asher were forty one thousand five
Asher were forty one thousand five
Asher were forty one thousand five hundred from the children of Naphtali
hundred from the children of Naphtali
hundred from the children of Naphtali their genealogies by their families by
their genealogies by their families by
their genealogies by their families by their father's house according to the
their father's house according to the
their father's house according to the number of names from 20 years old and
number of names from 20 years old and
number of names from 20 years old and above all who were able to go to war
above all who were able to go to war
above all who were able to go to war those who were numbered of the tribe of
those who were numbered of the tribe of
those who were numbered of the tribe of Naphtali were 53 thousand four hundred
Naphtali were 53 thousand four hundred
Naphtali were 53 thousand four hundred these are the ones who were numbered who
these are the ones who were numbered who
these are the ones who were numbered who Moses and Aaron numbered with the
Moses and Aaron numbered with the
Moses and Aaron numbered with the leaders of Israel twelve men each one
leaders of Israel twelve men each one
leaders of Israel twelve men each one representing his father's house so all
representing his father's house so all
representing his father's house so all who were numbered of the children of
who were numbered of the children of
who were numbered of the children of Israel by their fathers houses from 20
Israel by their fathers houses from 20
Israel by their fathers houses from 20 years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to
years old and above all who were able to go to war in Israel
go to war in Israel
go to war in Israel Oh who were numbered where six hundred
Oh who were numbered where six hundred
Oh who were numbered where six hundred and three thousand five hundred and
and three thousand five hundred and
and three thousand five hundred and fifty but the Levites were not numbered
fifty but the Levites were not numbered
fifty but the Levites were not numbered among them by their father's tribe for
among them by their father's tribe for
among them by their father's tribe for the Lord had spoken to Moses only the
the Lord had spoken to Moses only the
the Lord had spoken to Moses only the tribe of Levi
tribe of Levi
tribe of Levi you shall not number nor take a census
you shall not number nor take a census
you shall not number nor take a census of them among the children of Israel but
of them among the children of Israel but
of them among the children of Israel but you shall appoint the Levites over the
you shall appoint the Levites over the
you shall appoint the Levites over the tabernacle of the testimony over all its
tabernacle of the testimony over all its
tabernacle of the testimony over all its furnishings and over all things that
furnishings and over all things that
furnishings and over all things that belong to it they shall carry the
belong to it they shall carry the
belong to it they shall carry the tabernacle and all its furnishings they
tabernacle and all its furnishings they
tabernacle and all its furnishings they shall attend to it and camp around the
shall attend to it and camp around the
shall attend to it and camp around the tabernacle and when the tabernacle is to
tabernacle and when the tabernacle is to
tabernacle and when the tabernacle is to go forward the Levites shall take it
go forward the Levites shall take it
go forward the Levites shall take it down and when the tabernacle is to be
down and when the tabernacle is to be
down and when the tabernacle is to be set up the Levites shall set it up the
set up the Levites shall set it up the
set up the Levites shall set it up the outsider who comes near shall be put to
outsider who comes near shall be put to
outsider who comes near shall be put to death the children of Israel shall pitch
death the children of Israel shall pitch
death the children of Israel shall pitch their tents every one by his own camp
their tents every one by his own camp
their tents every one by his own camp every one by his own standard according
every one by his own standard according
every one by his own standard according to their armies but the Levites shall
to their armies but the Levites shall
to their armies but the Levites shall camp around the tabernacle of the
camp around the tabernacle of the
camp around the tabernacle of the testimony that there may be no wrath on
testimony that there may be no wrath on
testimony that there may be no wrath on the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of
the congregation of the children of Israel and the Levites shall keep charge
Israel and the Levites shall keep charge
Israel and the Levites shall keep charge of the tabernacle of the testimony thus
of the tabernacle of the testimony thus
of the tabernacle of the testimony thus the children of Israel did according to
the children of Israel did according to
the children of Israel did according to all that the LORD commanded Moses so
all that the LORD commanded Moses so
all that the LORD commanded Moses so they did
they did
they did [Music]